Tasks:
	1. Finish unwrapping the models - solve the problematic fences and the geometry.wrl file somehow, 
	   plus doors should be easy
		a. Double check everything, I may have missed something, cause I am picking up data from three
		different people over a few years, and there is a lot of rendomness in what is where. :(
	2. Give a file structure to the vrml files, keep it tidy so that I don't get lost in it.
		a. Also tidy up the software. Make it easy to use for my tasks, that will save a lot of time at the end
		   of the thesis writing.
	3. Write software to find and export non-unwrapped geometries.
		a. Finish the unwrapping and record it for the Thesis results
		b. Pretty straightforward implementation.
	4. Get and use the appropriate textures instead of the checker board texture
		a. This will require some smart implementation to assing the texture automatically based on
		   names of the geometry. We will see how well it can be done.
	5. Write a PBRT exporter
		a. Since PBRT is not a realtime renderer, all of the geometry can be in one geometry.pbrt file
			a1. due to the instancing we implemented, the resulting file can be really small.
		b. Generate second file as main pbrt file, that just includes the entire geometry.pbrt file and defines
		   the application wide things.
		c. By doing this solution, we omit the dynamic objects somewhat, lets solve that in the next point
	6. Solve the integration of dynamic objects from Linda
	   We would require to omit the animated geometry from the general scene description and generate another
	   file with the geometry moved due to animation. Also generating the animated files is not easy now, since
	   I am implementing my own software and not using the one by Linda
		a. First option is to use the software from Linda, but I would rather not to, cause it's old an not very
		   well written. And connecting the two softwares could result in more work than writing my own solution.
		   However, for doing the animation, there seems to be no other option than generate like 250 files
		   and just running pbrt for each one.
		b. Second option is to implement the dynamic objects in my software. But that seems a bit overkill,
		   especially the workload will be too much. But it's doable, just not in the time frame I have,
		   I need to live a life, not do thesis for like 600 hours. I really don't want to do this.
		c. Third option is to say it was never a good idea to add this much complexity to a public
		   dataset for research purposes and just not do it.
			c1. But that is risky, since I will omit a part of the assignment.
			c2. However, the software from Drahokoupil and Linda is too complex in my opinion,
				and it should be easy to use the dataset for other researchers. Doing the animations
				requires heavy use of said software. I can reason that the purpose of my work was 
				to add the texturing coordinates and polish the dataset for future use and the given
				solution for making dynamic objects breaks that purpose.
		d. Fourth option would be to just half-ass it somehow, I have no idea how thou.
	7. Something about modifying pbrt to render the texture properly, I still have to ask the consultant about that.
		a. After reading a bit through PBRT book, I feel like if I have everything tidy and well prepared, this part
		   will be super easy
	8. Write a Mitsuba exporter
		a. Haven't looked at that yet, I think that solving the pbrt problems will also solve the Mitsuba problems.
